commercials have never made it to air
do you have a crippling addiction to
masturbation and
biscuits try working from home
this sofa is full price
want to get compliments on how much
weight you've lost buy a massive pair of
trousers and stand like this all the
time
you like clouds and you like oceans
we've got both
sky atlantic
eight out of ten cats prefer your
neighbor's house cats are traitors
fire in the hole try caniston
we sell our turkeys in wooden coffins
so that you can pretend it's a funeral
and have 30 people round for christmas
this advert costs hundreds of thousands
of pounds to make
please don't skip it in three two one
you bastard
bat soup the delicious taste of six
months off
airbnb yes that is your sofa in that
porn film
there are some things money can't buy
for everything else
there's theft
please please buy our product we really
need to buy our product we're gonna go
wonder if you don't buy our product
we are corona lager
super dry conveniently named after the
effect wearing it has on women
ryanair not just an airline it's also
the name
of our cheapest sandwich
rye and air
you get what you pay for yeah
reese james because ed gamble's busy
[Applause]